docs: Update README files with improved formatting and instructions (#4281)
graycoreio/daffodil: docs/internal/DEVELOPER.md

### Installing Dependencies
```bash
npm ci
```

> Please don't run `npm install` as that will modify package-lock.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Don't run `npm install` as that will modify the `package-lock.json` file.
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```bash
npx nx run @daffodil/[library/app]:build
```

To run the full suite

```bash
npx nx run-many -t test
```

### Partial Test Suite
If you want to run a single project or library's test suite
```bash
npx ng test {libName}
```
```bash

> npx ng test {appName}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npx ng test [libName/appName]
```
